Loss of keys - update of warnings to users (#15577)
docker/docker.github.io: engine/security/trust/trust_key_mng.md

Prior to Docker Engine 1.11, this feature was only in the experimental branch.

> ## Key Loss

Reviewer: nit

```suggestion
## Key loss
```

Author: Addressed in commit 3.

> **WARNING**
>

> > If a publisher loses keys it means losing the ability to sign trusted content for the repositories in

Reviewer: I would probably steer clear of the term "trusted content" when we are talking about signed software. Use trusted content for DOI/DVP/DSOS.

```suggestion
> If a publisher loses keys it means losing the ability to sign images for the repositories in
```

Author: Addressed in commit 3.
